For connoisseur only: add a simple "ephyviewer" backend plot_traces(). (#2024)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/widgets.rst

`kachery-cloud <https://github.com/flatironinstitute/kachery-cloud>`_ package ("Using your own storage bucket").

ephyviewer
^^^^^^^^^^

This backend is Qt based with PyQt5, PyQt6 or PySide6 support. Qt is sometimes tedious to install.

For pip based install, run:

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install PySide6 ephyviewer

> Anaconda user will have a better experience with this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anaconda users will have a better experience with this:
```

    print(url)

ephyviewer
^^^^^^^^^^

> The :code:`ephyviewer` backend is only available for :py:func:`~spikeinterface.widgets.plot_traces()` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :code:`ephyviewer` backend is currently only available for the :py:func:`~spikeinterface.widgets.plot_traces()` function.
```
